Su Man,
this isn’t your first time hosting this show
It’s been 7 years
And you still don’t have a backup plan
Do you want the entire station
to take the fall for you?
Did you hear me?
The topic of this show was chosen by Duan Xiao Jian
I didn’t follow the whole process
If the guest can’t be found, fine
But you couldn’t even find a long-time colleague
If that’s not your problem, then whose is it?
As for Ye Qi Luo
She’s the heiress of the Xiang Jie Group
Daughter of Wen Zhu Qing
You didn’t even host her properly
and now you’re blaming others
Originally...
You’re right, sir
The promo for Ye Qi Luo has already aired
Either find her for the next episode
or both you and Duan Xiao Jian
get the hell out of here
This prime-time show
always has outstanding hosts
to replace you
Yes
I understand
Too cowardly to blame Ye Qi Luo
So you come yell at me?
Duan Xiao Jian
That lunatic
Still not here, I’m tired of waiting
I want to see
which shameless fox it is
Ye Qi Luo